OK, everyone. Next,
let's go to lesson 3 of today
And then
I'm Lydia from wire bond. I'm a production
engineer and environmental safety guard
OK, today is my first class
Please forgive me
Basically, I will introduce more about
the industrial safety in our wire bond
Or what we do
That is, if you know what you think
Not bad, then you can go to your
department to communicate with your
environmental safety and health
department to see if you want to do this
This is what I'm going to talk about today
What is Anwai doing before that
The first one is
We are life care when you are at work
You may find some problems or
abnormal health of your colleagues
You can take care of him immediately
The second is risk management,
which is when our environment
Some machines, you think
It's a little dangerous or
you often have strange
sounds and strange
smell inside the machine
We can know in advance
It could be dangerous
The third is to train communication
Like we have a class now
That absorbs a lot of different things
I just had a face
First aid fire or something different
With the sharing of
units, you can strengthen
your concept of
environmental safety and health
The fourth is
Regulations
Will it tell you too much
because it's too complicated
Maybe a little bit about the
rules that you might actually use
So this is continuous improvement.
This is when we are at work or in life
What we know makes us
Life can be better
This is going to be our time
In all the courses
Five aspects that will be included
So the next thing is, this is
the whole engineering process
I belong to the part
of wire bond, so I will
introduce the part of
wire bond to you today
Because maybe a lot of people
It's not clear what wire bond is doing
This is the introduction
of our machine. Our pre
process is die bond, so we
will have different products
There may be different machines.
We'll have a plasma blower
Wire bonder CC dispenser oven
CCD and AOI self test
After that, the manufacturing
process will be our molding
Each of your standard
am units will be introduced
What is am standard? It means that we can
We will set up a standard
model for each model
This model will be pasted on
it. This is the standard model
All the labels we should have
on it, we have to put it on it
Note that it may be in
Some machines will be heated,
so you should be careful not to scald
Or when you put the product
on it, he will have the risk
of being pinched, or he
will be caught and rolled up
Then we'll put some labels on you
I know very well
What's the risk of this machine
But usually new machines come in
Maybe the manufacturer is better and
will help you paste some English labels
Sometimes we don't have to understand
So when you see it in the production line
Or you see some new models
or new things in the office
The stickers he pasted
You don't understand
Or he didn't have a sticker at all
It's like an emergency button
He must be red
I didn't post any Chinese
or English words to tell you
Just remind the engineer who is in charge
Or the maintenance staff
should remind him to stick it
This action of urgent
sticker let everyone
know that it is risky to
say where he operates
In terms of environmental considerations
and hazard assessment, we have one
Heinrich proposed a law of 300 291
I believe many of you
have taken the SGA course
300 29 1
He is that every 300
hidden dangers or illegal
operations, there will be
29 minor injuries or failures
Usually, we can also rescue these 29
There could be 29 fatal
accidents in the accident
So we are in the ordinary
Production line
At present, it is very popular
to push SGA activities, that
is, when you find something
wrong with the card in your work
Or is it something you
don't feel right doing
We have to be brave enough to bring it up
To be one of you
Maybe you can write it down every
day when you record some work
This figure is the assessment
of some environmental
hazards listed in our
wire bond production line
The word is relatively small
Usually the orange part becomes a high risk
The yellow part would be a moderate risk
Basically, we
At this time, the safety and environmental
protection line should deal with the risk
We'll take the orange part first
Usually we will list after the
orange section that if today's station
Like wire bond, there's
something called sandblasting
Sand blasting is dusty
Dust hazards to people
If you do it for a long time,
you will have pneumoconiosis,
or you will cause irreversible
damage to your lungs
Then we must sandblast
this thing, then we can use
what kind of way to protect
him, will reduce his damage
That's probably when
they're doing it, they have to
Wear N95 mask
Except for the N95 masks, they
may have dust because of that
So you need to wear an
eye mask to protect their eyes
They also need to wear earplugs because
of the high decibels during sandblasting
He protected him
through our different tools
He can be protected throughout the process
So we will focus on the high
risk of the whole production line
We're going to do something necessary first
Basically, in wire bond,
our goal in 2021 is last year
We used to be here
The plan is also us
They sorted it out when they passed the SGA
That's because of the
change of the previous process.
Sometimes the gold wire
turns to the copper wire
We didn't change the whole process
I may have copper wire products. I
want plasma. I want plasma cleaning
Slotted boxes must be used
But before, because he
was a gold thread product
When you don't need to do
plasma cleaning, he uses a solid box
It's that I may change
the process, I only
change half of it, and
the other part doesn't
So it's very common in wire bond
I'm from die bond. He's slotting
But when I'm done, I have to
go to molding and it's a solid box
They're going to become
When the product is finished,
the box changes all the time
In the process of conversion, they
have to leave and then move back
For the production line,
it's also a waste of cost, and
for people's troubles, they've
been walking all the time
They are after the whole
evaluation, after we collect the data
We feel that
Then I can try our post process
If we
Are slotted boxes used to the
back section of the impact on them
Let's have a discussion
with the post process
Well, we've been working on the improvement
plan before, and we'll look for it first
We discuss with the
engineers in our own production
line, and then discuss
with the following molding
Then, because of the influence
of the box, you must also
confirm with the person who
receives the order from APC
Is that enough for me
Are these boxes enough
Then if I
After the replacement, my possibility
There are more boxes. Is
my nitrogen tank enough
When everything is OK, we
can ask the production line
to help us run a batch to
the later stage to do the test
After that, our engineers can
change the program of this product
And let him become me
Dire bond to molding I
don't need to change the box
In fact, some OP can reduce the risk
So this is where we were last
year, because now it's the end
It's still running cab
process, so it's not finished yet
However, if this matter is completed
Second sister, they are doing things
In fact, it can save two hours
In fact, sometimes when we
do SGA again, we will feel that
The production line is very busy because
it really needs to take care of the machine
Then I felt that it was very
tiring to participate in SGA
However, when the real results
come out and really reduce
their own burden, you will
find that in fact this thing
It's not as difficult as you think
So it is
As a production line,
one of the most important
activities is to focus on
the production line chain
Make some improvements
to the frequency of risks
The SGA of improvement
activities is also in
Production line people, they will
Like I said we were
I usually list some in my work
I think Kaka's party will write it down
I'll list them all, when the next
issue of SGA is going to do it again
We can pick out some problems from it
In frequency, in possible
human trouble, on SQD CP
We feel that we have made
the highest improvement
Now here is another SGA
activity. The project they have
improved is what they want.
They want to reduce the foam time
There's a process in wire bond
It's called CC dispensing
This is after our wire bond has been wired,
because the wire is actually very fragile
The thread is thinner than our hair
So sometimes
We may be a little bit
Move a line of arc will
collapse, the risk of collapse is
When our products reach
customers, this one may become
It's short
He can't function properly
So we're doing it.
They're dealing with foam
The trouble with OP
We need foam, and we
need to put it back on again.
When do I need it and
when do I change corners
At that time, our current situation
analysis was divided into three points
The first one is that I
spend time making glue
It took 18 minutes at a time
About ten times a day
It takes 180 minutes to
soak and walk back and forth
The second is us, because we have three
kinds of ABC glue to mix, then our c glue
His liquid state is like water
It will flow quickly
The third is when glue
a needs to be used up
Because usually
I don't know if you have eaten maltose
When we finish the maltose, but it is
There will be some residue
on the wall of the cup, but if you
don't want to waste time, you
will pour that glue into the new one
Want to collect more
Then we are fishbone diagram
to confirm the true cause
In fact, we take it in foam
Material moving back and
forth, some people through
the deletion, merger,
reorganization and simplification
And then it was in all the SGA steps
They have 29 steps
And then because of
the merger, reorganization
and simplification,
we lost six steps
So it's 23 steps
The second part of C
glue is not easy to pour
We also want to say that we found some
Assistive tools, such as a beaker and
a dropper, will stir a stick to assist him
The third problem is that it's
not easy to collect the remaining
glue, that is, we open a
new bottle of glue a to use up
Basically, the way we do it is by putting
two bottles together and letting it flow
But because of this, sometimes
if I accidentally bump into him,
maybe the first bottle is broken,
and he falls down and breaks
The second one is that it can cause
The glue on the top
of the wall is left outside
We're going to take the
material back and forth,
and we're going to take
the glue back and forth
We're really going to walk around
Then we simplify six
steps, and when we have
23 steps left, we
actually cut 183 seconds
I'll tell you, because of
course I run ten times a day
We lost 1800 seconds
The second one is when
we do the experiment
with the beaker, the
dropper and the stirrer
When the beaker and the dropper
are being made, because it's actually
It's a little thick, so
if you pour it into a
small beaker or into a
dropper, then pour it out
Actually, the same wall
The residual glue wastes more
And the third one, we'll use the stirrer
to let him flow slowly along the mixing rod
So this part is actually us
After watching, the effect is
the best, he will not have any
drops of glue, and then the
residual glue will be the least
The third is the third
We also use the bottle mouth to
bottle way to collect residual glue
As I said just now,
the risk that he may
fall or leak out is
actually quite dangerous
So in the end we
Ask the engineer to help us
design an empty bottle bracket
In terms of security or
Or in terms of collection,
the effect is quite good
Just said that cup of glue is
like a silver one on the picture
In fact, when we put it in, we hit
it again or accidentally moved to it
It doesn't have any risks
That's because the whole thing is
We've reduced a lot of time in
the whole glue making process
That is, for the production
line, I can also do other
things at the same time when
I have finished putting things
Next, I'm going to talk about
wire bond accident correction
In wire bond work, it is less likely to
encounter chemical plating or chemicals
In the wire bond accident, it often occurs
in personnel transportation or walking
Or the machine is in
the process of touching
The picture above is
plasma machine cleaning
Plasma cleaning actually
has two rings above the door
When the door closes
You can see it from the outside
It has a slide to see the
cleaning condition inside it
In fact, we didn't find the two circles
His chamfering is
Very sharp
This is because, in fact, if we normally
Open the door slowly
There's nothing to touch that
But that day was because
of the door of our machine
It may be because of
the uneven production line
Sometimes the machine is too
heavy, resulting in uneven ground
When the floor is uneven
You open the door
OP to move products
The door rebounds when you come back
In fact, OP is very nervous because
the product he is about to report may hit
He put his hand over the door
As a result, when he
was just in the middle of
the line, his hand was
drawn from the round place
This led to two or three
stitches in his hands
Because his hands are direct
He's wearing these silicone gloves
Speed down with that power
He hurt his hand
So we basically took
the corrective action, and
then we all regulated
the personnel of plasma
The max-see gloves must be thicker
It's not so direct that he touches it
Then the door of plasma will be chamfered
This is what we will really be
The place that feels
sharper is to go out and do it
The chamfering of 1 mm can prevent the
personnel from touching it again next time
It will have rebound problems
There are two most common accidents
in wire bond. The first is falling
The second is the
accident outside the factory
I'll talk about this later
This one
I don't know if I can see this clearly
It's our sightseeing aisle
on the first floor of C5
Well, I remember that the air return
port is protruding. It seems that only
the front section and the back section
of the C51 floor are near the door
Basically, the other floors
are made of that blue cloth
It will not protrude
Because this one is us
stay
When the staff are ready
to leave work, they are
sometimes good friends
and they are in groups
Work together
The result is in the picture on the left
Which one
Miss, when he was walking, he
suddenly tripped over the air return
He's on the top right of the floor
Before this happened
None of us really will go
How protruding is it
And then we just
After discussing with both the
factory and our own SAE, we found that
We do
A lot of them bounce themselves, and
we can't press them back with our hands
I don't know what's going on.
He's going to pop himself out
With us, too
The people from the factory
should communicate with each other
Can you help us
You can adjust the air return again
So he helped us with our screws
Replace all the fixed knobs
So basically, our return air outlet is now
It will open, but it will
be fixed in that window,
even if people are
walking against the wall
It won't cause injury
I'll show you the next
one. It might be clearer
The place of the red line
under the air return port is
convex outside, so the personnel
will pick it up when they go
Now the Yellow knob holds it in place
Basically, the lower blade doesn't protrude
That's how we define him
Then we also ask SAE to go
out for inspection at a fixed time
Is there a problem with it
The next one is what I just
said about wire bond. The
most common accidents are
accidents outside the factory
It's all this year that you
don't have the last date
I don't know why this year.
Since the beginning of the
year, there have been
people cycling in the wire bond
Maybe I fell down, or
the car in front of me
Turn left and right suddenly
He didn't turn on the lights
He started hitting the lights
There is also a period of urgency
There is another one
On August 1st, the typhoon
came to work by bike
And I just rode through a puddle
But because there was no hole
in the water, he fell and fell out
So in fact, it is very
difficult to tell people how
to be careful about the
accident outside the factory
But I can only ride slowly
What should we do in case of
an accident outside the factory
The first one is that you
are on your way to work
When you are in a traffic
accident, you must first ask for help
Then when you
We will depend on the
severity of our injuries
The first way you can
do something is to find
a passer-by if you
really don't have any help
And
When you're not that serious
and you're slightly injured
You can call yourself
Go to the police and say that you
have a car accident or you fell down
Many people in the
factory have a myth that
I should not call the
police when I fall down
Because he fell down and
then he had to call the police
But it's not something you
have to do, even if you fall out
You must call the police to get it
It's not a joint report
Prove that you really had an accident here
Be sure to go to the West
Hospital for consultation
I can't say that you just
hit your foot and twisted it.
Then I'll go to the hospital
and apply ointment to him
The company's work-related
injury regulations are
not allowed to apply
for work-related injuries
So it's very important to prepare
what kind of information you
should give to the environmental
safety guard of your family
The first is the report of the triple
Or when you fall
He'll give you a certificate
Prove at which intersection
you had an accident
The second is the hospital's diagnosis
The diagnosis proved
that it was basically OK
I suggest you apply
for two copies at a time
Because of one
Send it to the factory nurse for
your work-related injury application
The second is because
the company has insurance
Then you can use this to do
your insurance application again
The third is the front and
back of a driver's license
Usually, people like my family often
give me the positive and not the negative
Why should we give
the negative side when
there is no information
on the opposite side
But in fact, there is
a license number in
the upper left corner
of the driver's license
So the back must also
be given to sanitation
If it's the fourth fall, it's self fall
You must pay for the motorcycle
Front and rear tire photos to sanitation
Make sure you don't
skate because of the old tire
Because it's not a work-related
injury on the way to work
Then send it out and it will pass
They're going to assess
that you've fallen down
and maybe your own
motorcycle hasn't been serviced
Maybe the tire of your motorcycle is flat
It doesn't have a skid stop effect
I didn't change the tire
So this is actually
The company delivered it for us
Go to the labor bureau
Check it when you go
He'll take that as a judgment
So, in fact, we have to go to the car and
locomotive. Are the tire lines deep enough
The fifth is your commute map
Of course, there was an
accident on the way to work
The roadmap is to use Google
map to draw the route to him
Maybe some people will go to
and from work because of the
problem of picking up and
seeing off the children or something
Of course, if you go out to
eat with friends, you don't know
If you have to, you must carry the children
What kind of proof do you have
The Labor Bureau will also make judgments
Then the final seal is the seal, because to
prove that this document is written by you
Therefore, what kind of
information should be prepared for
environmental safety and
health is a more important part
The next step is the emergency armband. I
believe everyone should have passed it on
The company's emergency response
team is divided into five groups,
including refuge Guidance Group,
notification group and fire fighting group
Ambulance and security
Basically, part of the wire bond is because
In fact, sometimes
there are too many
informers, and then the
armband is on the right
So if you see people from the left
I don't know what the group is
So we'll make a picture
Then list the people in each group below
And post it on the column
Or when you pass on the
signature, you can read it first
I have an impression of who I'm
looking for when what happened to me
A lot of times we
Like before, some auditors
went into the production
line, and he would randomly
select a person to ask
Who are you looking for
when you are injured today
In fact, most people began to answer
the question of looking for the foreman
In fact, this is no problem
for the young lady. They think
that if there is a problem,
it is right to find the foreman
But for auditors
You have five branches
So when you get hurt, you
should call your ambulance team
So it's important for you to remember
that there are five groups in the company
What is he doing in each group
When there is an audit,
at least you should tell him
Find someone with a badge
If you really can't
answer his name, you say
that people with
armbands will still pass
The next step is the epidemic
prevention work in recent years
We should feel it
Basically, because
of the new year's Eve,
the company started
to do a series of surveys
This information was made
by me the year before last
At that time, I told you when I came
back from the Chinese New Year
When your family and friends come back
What should be confirmed
Until now, it's still the
same way, just before you
know your family and
friends are going back home
You need to contact him first
What are you doing? When are
you flying? And where are you going
14 day quarantine
You want to make sure I'll
see him when he comes back
That's until he's back here
and quarantined for 14 days
All departments should be
informed of environmental
safety and health to make
clear some knowledge
This is not about prying into your privacy
Why do you want to tell me
This is because we want
to protect everyone's safety
What's different this year is
the last 14 day isolation section
This year, because of the
government's regulations,
there are 10 plus 4,
14 natural or 7 plus 7
In fact, if a friend comes back
from abroad, he or she will have
a quarantine order, which clearly
indicates which plan he chooses
So basically, if there's
one, you'll do the same
We need to give back
to the environmental
safety and Health
Department of your department
Let us know that you may
When are your family,
your relatives and friends
Isolation or hotel isolation
Basically, if we want to meet friends
and relatives, we recommend him
After 14 days plus 7
days of self-management
Then I'll go to the test
and I'll see you later
It's safer to meet relatives
and friends in 21 days
1K before the part of epidemic
prevention work company
We have to wear another layer outside
Dust free mask
Now, it's really too hot
for us to bring many layers
So basically, we can only wear
medical masks for 1K clothes
In 10K clothes, you also have to
wear medical masks and dust masks
In this part, it's true that
our wire bond colleagues
are there, that is, we will
target our different groups
Because we need to separate the warehouse
Let's talk to one of your colleagues
Because there are two
doors on the first floor of QFP
Maybe which group is
going through which door
It will be easier for us to master
Which door do they go to
If he does have a cold, or the
family he meets may have a cold
Then we can have it first
The cleaning aunt helped us
clean these places with alcohol
And then in wire bond, actually
We are here
That is, we encourage
our colleagues to vaccinate
Which day are you going to fight
Basically, we're all OK. So
you tell the foreman that we
don't usually block you.
You say you can't fight today
We have a mechanism
Just after my colleagues have finished
typing, they will return their yellow cards
Basically, I would go
and collect their body
temperature two days
before they finished
That's basically to make sure they don't
enter the company when they're feverish
Because some people
feel that although I have
a fever, I don't feel
too much discomfort
I can still come to work,
but it's basically for my family
We don't want it. When you
have a fever, don't enter the factory
So basically we control their
temperature and their health
Basically, it's also
indirect, that is to say,
is your physical condition
OK after the fight?
Some care for employees
A while ago may, that was
May of the year before last
When the epidemic broke out,
Kaohsiung had a lot of footprints
In fact, if you are not careful,
colleagues will step on it
So every day, as soon as the
footprints come out, we will publish a
list to ask colleagues whether you
have stepped on these footprints?
It's not like you don't come
to work when you take these
footprints, but we may pay
special attention to your health
Maybe you've had a cold
recently, and we'll let you know
Then you must go to see a doctor
Maybe make a quick screen
To exclude whether you are
Do you meet this person
and then run into risks
Next is our escape route from the factory
Because our wire bond had 6
floors, 7 floors, 8 floors and 1 floors
Because of the recent relationship
This is our first floor picture, basically
We will take the supervisor
of the production line
and we will go through
all the entrances and exits
Tell them which way to get to the entrance
Sometimes
We can't control the fire
Then we'll go everywhere
Go to the door, tap the door
and tell them how to get there
So this was our sixth floor map
Because they're going to do it
again in the middle of the building
That part of the second
floor is already there
But I haven't led the foreman through yet
This time, it's because we have to do
an escape drill on February 17 and 18
Before that, we'll walk again to see what
they're going to do on the second floor
This is probably our wire bond
It's a picture of the whole escape drill
What's more, the whole testing process
of our colleagues in the first aid group
Some colleagues because
Not on the day of the escape drill
Get involved in it, then
we'll take our colleagues
with us directly, which door
do you want to go out from
But of course, it doesn't say which
door to go out from and go out again
We'll tell him to get out of this door
Where will you meet at the last place
We all take pictures and
then send them back to
the factory guard to say
that we have done this
Next is our chemicals management
In fact, the wire bond
is relatively simple.
In fact, we don't have
too many chemicals
As I said just now, we
have a dispensing station
And ABC glue, so we will have
some SDS of glue a, glue B and glue C
What should you do when you
may touch or touch your eyes
So this is ABC glue. When
we mix the glue, we will do it
in the exhaust cabinet, so
they are in the mixing process
In fact, it will not be infected
by some respiratory tract
Maybe we will focus on sandblasting
Yes, some of them
do X-ray, and they do
some special physical
examination every year
The audit and improvement of 5S is
This is the part that belongs to
environmental safety and health
Because of the recent relocation, many
departments should have such a situation
Actually, they're going to
have a fire hydrant up there
But sometimes the tricolor lights
are higher or the pillars are higher
We don't notice that we hit
the fire fighting equipment
So in fact, this is also a need to pay
attention to when you move the plane
Because in fact, if the red color is
moved to, it may start to spray water
Because their sensors are very sensitive
The next is some of our wire bond kanban
How can we preach things to our colleagues
That's our production line
And then
The second is that wire bond
has our own bulletin board
It's line @ sometimes when
you go to a restaurant, maybe
he will force you to join line
@ with discounts or coupons
In fact, our wire bond has
a bulletin board of our own
And then for the office
for the production line
Then we will have something
from time to time, such
as what is announced by
the environmental safety guard
Or what needs to be announced by wire bond?
I will send a message to you through line
Some people, he may be at work, he has some
It's not easy for him to
reply through this place
In fact, only managers
can see these contents
In fact, we have recovered many
problems that we can improve
So I think it's a good platform
Finally, we publicize our
code of practice, environmental
safety and health related
content will be sent to the foreman
Please help the foreman to report and sign
This is our maintenance process
That is, we will basically consider
the health of our colleagues
There are also human factors engineering
parts that can be added to the best
That's like the sandblasting
process I just mentioned. They have
to wear N95 masks, earplugs and
goggles every time they sandblast
To protect their physical condition
Electrical lock out and tag
out of the repair organization
That is, when they stop the aircraft, we
will paste this machine for maintenance
Don't go to the machine again
People with x-ray just wear
armbands and do some dose tests
That's us in the bottom left corner.
He'll pay us a check list every month
If your dosage armband
exceeds the standard,
then you are in
good health. Is it OK
The last concern for employees
is that the company will
have questions from occupational
doctors, as you all know
Then the physical condition was assessed
In wire bond, we also
have chicken soup for soul
It's when we meet some
It seems that the face of
this person is not very good
at work today, or why he
has been abnormal recently
Actually, these people
will talk to each other slowly
Then care about the physical
and mental state of employees
Thank you very much